README.md, before:

Shortcode: phisherrepo-nemo

## Phisher Cloudstream Plugin Server
[![Discord](https://invidget.switchblade.xyz/3VmSzGeCTz)](https://discord.com/invite/3VmSzGeCTz)

## Cloudstream Plugin Server
[![Discord](https://invidget.switchblade.xyz/JrGk2MjX7S)](https://discord.com/invite/JrGk2MjX7S)


### 🕹 Tools and Programming languages used :
<p align="left">
  <a href="https://skillicons.dev">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=kotlin,androidstudio,gradle,github,githubactions&theme=light&perline=5" />
  </a>
</p>

## Feedback
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9f7dfe73-f11d-41fe-996c-072de0f6853b)



### License
[![GNU GPLv3 Image](https://www.gnu.org/graphics/gplv3-127x51.png)](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html)

These extensions are Free: You can use, study, share and modify it at your will. They can be redistributed and/or modified under the terms of the
[GNU General Public License](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html) version 3 or later published by the Free Software Foundation.


### DMCA
We hereby issue this notice to inform you that these extensions just function like an ordinary browser (like your browser) that fetch video files from internet,
and do not violate the provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA).
The Content these extensions may access is not hosted by us or the Cloudstream 3 application but the websites they are browsing in their autonomous mode. It is sole responsibility
of the user and his/her countries' or states' law. If you think they are violating any intellectual property then please contact the actual file hosts not the owners of this repository or the CloudStream 3 app.

Thank You.

Commit message:

docs: update license to AGPL-3.0-only
This commit updates the project's license from GPL-3.0 to AGPL-3.0-only.
This change is due to the intended inclusion of components licensed under AGPL-3.0-only.

Changes include:
- Added `LICENSE` file with the AGPL-3.0 license text.
- Added a `NOTICE` file detailing the licensing of components and the overall project.
- Updated `README.md` to reflect the change to AGPL-3.0-only and revised the DMCA/Copyright Notice.

README.md, after:

Shortcode: phisherrepo-nemo

## Phisher Cloudstream Plugin Server
[![Discord](https://invidget.switchblade.xyz/3VmSzGeCTz)](https://discord.com/invite/3VmSzGeCTz)

## Cloudstream Plugin Server
[![Discord](https://invidget.switchblade.xyz/JrGk2MjX7S)](https://discord.com/invite/JrGk2MjX7S)


### 🕹 Tools and Programming languages used :
<p align="left">
  <a href="https://skillicons.dev">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=kotlin,androidstudio,gradle,github,githubactions&theme=light&perline=5" />
  </a>
</p>

## Feedback
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9f7dfe73-f11d-41fe-996c-072de0f6853b)



### License
[![GNU AGPLv3 Image](https://www.gnu.org/graphics/agplv3-155x51.png)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.en.html)

These extensions are Free Software: You can use, study, share, and modify them at your will.  
They are distributed under the terms of the  
[GNU Affero General Public License](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.en.html), **version 3 only**, as published by the Free Software Foundation.

### DMCA / Copyright Notice
This repository provides software that operates similarly to a standard web browser. It does not host, store, upload, or distribute any media content. All content accessed through this software is retrieved from publicly available third-party websites at the sole discretion of the user.

The maintainers of this project and the Cloudstream 3 application do not control, own, or upload any external content. Accordingly, we disclaim all responsibility for any copyrighted material that may be accessed through third-party sources using this software.

If you are a copyright holder and believe that specific content accessible through this software infringes your rights, please direct your takedown request to the website or hosting provider where the content is actually located. We do not have access to or authority over third-party hosted material, and as such, are unable to remove or restrict it.

We respect the intellectual property laws of all jurisdictions and will review any valid legal inquiries directed at us that fall within our scope of responsibility.

Thank you for your understanding and cooperation.
